this is the house mijangos a property
that has been closed
of curious
that were coming in search of a strange experience
was this one
the scenario where the terrible earthquake occurred
on Monday, April 24, 1989
because a catechetical teacher named Claudia Mijangos ended the life of
his three sons claudia maría of 11 years ana belén de 9 and the smallest
alfredo six years
from here you realize that this trend
if almost a month ago with month
to the dialogue
at dawn
d that day did not steal two facts the truth
but if you think they were
cries of the children it is said that the lady mijangos in a person
completely normal
but I think the day of the murder
was incited by little to time because in his statements he commented that
He heard a voice that ordered him to kill his children
three of them and with industrial kitchen knives however
those who persecute or carry the house claudio mijangos was processed and
determined that he has a psychological problem
so she was admitted to a psychiatric hospital where the only thing that
he knows he has never received a visit and that his behavior is completely
normal from that moment the house was in total abandonment and has been
victim of vandalism and trespassing onlookers who approach
to this house as if it were a tourist attraction
I think that through the windows the nuns wrote deviated to door
the windows all
there is a lot of garbage many
is not true
you can not see her the jabardo been completely closed the house
because you can
there were many people who lived
to see that what God gave me of the India on the walls 2 still traces
of blood
people that the cost
in those measures those things
next to the walls
according to Ivan ponce neighbor of the house looking
those who leave this property
even that you can hear them in your home so just ballester
go to know
the physical body and civil protection of querétaro
he was in charge of securing the area so that the research team
could have easy access for the sick
milan is very bad condition
what happens is that with the boys and girls and the place where the
home
the 2000
are in the area above, but the child is running around all
Downstairs
I imagine that he did not reach his minimum and tomorrow they will not start tomorrow
clear in the cinema
roma 27 years or more
dark
The mission
the child cried a lot
I felt his anguish
this part hid me from behind
of there is the insecurity neither
handle not mommy no longer
I have not felt his sadness
is wandering missing a successor
it's inside
a lot of crisis
we are throwing hosts
he did not understand what was happening
in the middle of his death process and that's why he stayed in this place
while we were on the stairs something happened that took us
by surprise
because something similar to the dessert a man called the specialist by his name
listen to yourself
that's why in the future I hope that the judges
said the driver
This is a discovery of the products you buy
it happened like that
about san luis a
after that
We continue our tour of the upper floor of the house mijangos in
querétaro
it was hard to imagine the murder that marked this house forever and think
that a little more than 20 years ago the walls and the floor this stain
Awesome
the bedroom
the actress
and the pain that feels comfortable in this area
it even feels like warmth comes to an end when you hand
the one of venice tone
as if it had been yesterday
they are only more than 20 years
but the energy did not forget follow this place
another very impressive place for me
it was this process
here I can feel
to one of the little ones who hid
was the one that later
the strike against his mother and kills her
that won
Because of the clothes they had hanging, it does not seem to require
I do not know how I managed
is processed this way
but from the breast
mom still
however its energy
like what
everything she wants
this year I am
for some reason
mario theissen
followed them
will be
a man standing
he was wearing a green jacket
some facts I do not know who it is because this one
however there they are I do not know if maybe in all these years they are
alone some other person has died with the energies in the people who come
here to be certain rites also got stuck
for something there would be a portal that got caught this man here but he
he made it look very clear
enough you can give her the jacket in a green jacket